README.md, before:

# Bet Fanatics Coding Challenge

### Overview

For this coding challenge, you will be interfacing with an existing REST-based API and performing various operations against that API.

The API and its documentation are located here:  https://gorest.co.in/

Be sure to read the entire page, as it includes details that will be required to finish this exercise.

Fork this repo and do all of your work against that fork. When you are finished, do not submit a pull request. Notify a member of our team that you are finished and we will review
your code together.

### Instructions

Using the REST API endpoints documented in the link in the previous section:

1. Retrieve page 3 of the list of all users.
2. Using a logger, log the total number of pages from the previous request.
3. Sort the retrieved user list by name.
4. After sorting, log the name of the last user.
5. Update that user's name to a new value and use the correct http method to save it.
6. Delete that user.
7. Attempt to retrieve a nonexistent user with ID 5555. Log the resulting http response code.
8. Write unit tests for all code, mocking out calls to the actual API service.

Commit message:

add README and handle invalid or missing token

README.md, after:

# Bet Fanatics Coding Challenge

This challenge was solved by implementing an API that will execute the steps outlined in the coding challenge.
The application is a Spring Boot API and Maven is used to manage dependencies. The application is written in Java 17.

## Running the Application
You can start the application either by running a standalone JAR, using the Maven plugin or using Docker.

#### Standalone Jar

1) Package the application using maven to create an executable jar: `mvn clean install`
2) Run the jar: `java -jar target/coding-challenge-0.0.1-SNAPSHOT.jar`

#### Maven Plugin
Note: Must be using Java 17 to run the application using Maven Plugin

To run the application using maven run `mvn spring-boot:run`

#### Docker Container

1) Build the image from root: `docker build -t coding-challenge . `
2) Run docker container bind to port 8080: `docker run -p 8080:8080 coding-challenge
   `
## Trying it out

In order for the worfklow to be executed you must make a `POST` request to: `http://localhost:8080/api/v1/execute`. You must add an `Authorization` header with a Bearer Token retrieved from [Go Rest](https://gorest.co.in/consumer/login).

Example: `Authorization`, `Bearer <access-token>`

Once the workflow is executed successfully you will receive the following response "Successfully completed workflow". If the token is missing or invalid you will receive a message regarding a client exception and asking for valid token.
